you
I'm afraid that's not up to you either.
Grandpa, you are all right
I'm much better.
Thank you Xiaoyong
Boss is serious
If it weren't for the timely notification of both parties, I would have grown up too
This is impossible this is impossible this
Impossible nothing is impossible
Could it be that only you can cure Zhao Lao's disease?
Nonsense, then I am
But what?
What's your business?
Of course it's none of my business
But this care takes care of greed
What fate brother, what do you mean?
Could it be my grandfather's illness?
It's because of a problem with the medicine
Zhao Fan, you, you, don't talk nonsense
I just watched the novice grab the medicine and I told you it was fat
Of course I'm not talking nonsense.
How can you experience more things when you are old?
Don't keep thinking about me
Your grandfather is so sick
It started after taking that medicinal fish for a while
Exactly.
At first I just ate when I wasn't feeling well
I didn't take medicine until later
I can't control it.
various situations
Now I think I thought I was seriously ill
Ready to continue buying
How dare you be blatant?
Could it be that he is bullying our Zhao family so that he can't be bullied?